  Short description:
Molecular Weight Calculator lets you calculate the molecular weight and percent composition of up to 20 compounds simultaneously. Features include a Mole/Mass Converter, a Formula Finder, Amino Acid Notation converter, and the ability to recognize isotopes and user-defined abbreviations. The calculator also includes abbreviation expansion, empirical formula conversion, and a built-in mathematical calculator.  All formulas and settings are saved between uses.  Now includes support for International languages (Spanish, German, Portuguese, Russian, and English).


  Longer description:
The Molecular Weight Calculator for Windows 9x/NT/00/XP v6.02 will calculate the molecular weight and percent composition of up to 20 compounds simultaneously, while properly displaying numbers as subscripts and superscripts where needed. It can recognize up to 150 user-defined abbreviations, all isotopes, and has average mass, isotopic mass, and nominal integer mass weight modes for elements. The program can handle embedded parentheses, multiple hydrates, and has the unique ability to weight certain parts of a compound. An advanced feature of the program is its ability to solve for 'x' in a compound based on user-specifed percent composition data, for example C6H6-[xH2O].

The program also includes a Mole/Mass converter, a Formula Finder capable of finding all compounds with a specific molecular weight or mass to charge ratio within a given tolerance, a Capillary Flow and Mass Rate Calculator, and an Amino Acid Notation Converter (1 to 3 and 3 to 1 letter). Other features include standard deviations of results, automatic case conversion, recognition of amino acids, abbreviation expansion, conversion to an empirical formula, and a built-in mathematical calculator.  

The program now includes support for International languages, currently including files for German, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, and English.  The program includes extensive error checking to verify that formulas entered are valid, and optionally displays caution statements for formulas with unusual element combinations. A full Windows help file is included plus context-sensitive tool tips can be displayed in the program. Lastly, all features and formulas can be automatically or manually saved during program operation then reloaded upon program start. 