Your Username is:  [alchemi.yahoo.co]
Your Password is:  [c21hay.iml]

Thank you for contributing to the Simtel.Net Archive.

The Simtel.Net collections are periodically published on CD-ROM.  
If you do not wish to have your package distributed on CD-ROM 
please do not upload it.

You can review our Upload Policy at 
   http://www.simtel.net/uppolicy.html

Please review this policy and keep all your uploads within the scope of the Simtel.Net collection.  There are changes from the old Simtel.Net 
policies.  ("same name" replacements are now permissible.  You may 
include VB runtimes.  And more.)

Now that you have this upload account with Simtel.Net, you do not need 
to send any more upload requests for future uploads.  Just upload 
directly to us.


UPLOADING:

You can upload your files to 
   ftp://uploads.simtel.net.
   
Some browsers expect you to add your username as part of the access:
  ftp://user.name@uploads.simtel.net
and then prompt you for your password once there.

Some (like Netscape) require you to add the path to our incoming
area:
  ftp://user.name@uploads.simtel.net/submissions/incoming

Most FTP programs, including WSFTP will require you to enter the host as uploads.simtel.net

If you have difficulties, go to the Uploaders Forum for answers and help. (See the end of this message.)

Once you have logged in (using the above username and password), you 
will be automatically moved to the /submissions/incoming directory.  
Upload BOTH your file and its accompanying PAD .xml (see below) file 
there.  Do not create any other folders, do not upload anything else. You can see everyone else's uploads, but you cannot "affect" them in 
any way, only your own.  And please, lowercase short filenames only. Anything else WILL delay processing.

This is NOT your web page, NOT your directory.  This is a shared area: 
please treat it with respect.

We do NOT accept emailed files under ANY conditions.


PADGEN AND THE PAD .xml FILE:

We require ALL SUBMISSIONS to use PADGEN.  You can get this program for 
free from http://www.asp-shareware.org/pad/  You will also find details 
on its use.  You do not have to join the ASP to get or use the PADGEN 
program.

You will also need to get the Simtel PAD extension, which can be found at this link:

  http://www.simtel.net/simtelxml.zip

Unzip the simtel.htm file and put it in the Padgen directory.  This 
file will create a "simtel" tab in the Padgen program that will allow you 
to enter specific information for Simtel file categories.  Read the instructions.  Then select the lowest platform (MS-DOS, Win3, WinXX) in 
which your program will function, and the most appropriate file category 
for that platform.  Complete ONE platform and category only.

Details on using extensions (and other extensions that are available for other shareware sites) can be found at

  http://www.asp-shareware.org/pad/padextensions.asp

When preparing your PAD .xml file, be sure to fill the Author name and Author email fields.  Insure your "official" email address, the one you used to submit your submission application to us, the email 
address we're sending this very message to, is in at least ONE of the available PAD .xml email fields.  Insure you fill in the short description and at least one long description.  Insure you put the SAME filename you're uploading into one of the Filename_* fields. Yes, case matters.  Yes, the file extension matters.

Not every field in the entire PAD .xml file need be completed.  See our Uploaders Forum for detailed requirements.

Be sure to use the Filename_Previous field if you're replacing one of your files already at Simtel.Net.  That will insure file links are reused, old files are removed, and download counts are carried forward.

If you are an Agent and plan to upload for other publishers who do not have upload accounts at Simtel.Net, contact us for special instructions on procedures, correct use of the PAD .xml file, etc.


FILENAMES:

Simtel.Net accepts short 8.3 "filename.typ" filenames only.  We accept only ".zip" or ".exe" file extensions (and of course the companion ".xml" file type).  Anything else will be automatically rejected.  No .jar, .htm, .arj, .gz, .sqz, .uue.

Insure at least ONE of the PAD .xml Filename_* fields contains the exact 
filename that you will be uploading to us.  Use lowercase only for all 
filenames:  any uppercase in filenames will delay your upload's processing.  Filenames in the PAD .xml file must include the file 
extension.  "wombat" is NOT the filename of the "wombat.zip" file you 
uploaded.  "wombat.exe" is NOT the same as "wombat.zip".  (This happens 
ALL the time.)

You will need to upload BOTH your .exe/.zip and the companion PAD .xml 
file to our incoming directory.  Both files must have the same name 
(i.e. filename.zip [.exe] and filename.xml).  We do prefer .zip files, and suggest you include the PAD .xml inside the .zip file so the end user and other distribution sites can get your PAD .xml file.  (No, we will NOT go into your .zip to take out the .xml file for our use. Upload it separately.)  (No, we will NOT "go out and get" the file to which your uploaded orphan .xml file points.  Upload it.)

Understand that the accompanying .xml file is MANDATORY.  Our system can not process your file, add it to the file system, and catalog it without the information in that .xml file.  You MUST download and include the Simtel.Net PAD extension provided by the simtel.htm file.

You MUST include your upload account's email address in one of the .xml form's email fields or we cannot accept your upload.  That email address 
will become part of the file description, will go out in our New Upload Digests, etc.  We regret this may make you vulnerable to spammers, but we simply MUST have that email address.  We will remove the files and user account of any uploader who fails to maintain that email address. Contact us if your email address changes, and we will direct you on how 
to create a new upload account.


UPLOAD PROCESSING:

If you see your files disappear from our incoming area, that means they're being processed (that's good).  If you see them renamed (with something like ".BAD" or ".NO" or ".SIM" or ".CAT" or ".PUB"), that's not good.  Please go to our Uploaders Forum for details (see 
the end of this message).  If you see this problem, you may upload 
a corrected .xml (and/or program file) with the problem(s) fixed.  
Otherwise you'll eventually get an email message describing the 
problem .. and directing you to re-upload everything since we've 
removed all the problem files.

It will take up to 3 days for your file to be processed, and up to another 36 hours for the file to become "visible" on our web site (and available for downloads from the mirror sites).  If there is a delay, do NOT email us.  It will not make anything work faster.  
Simtel.Net now has an eXpress subscription service, to provide 
priority posting and distribution (at a cost).  If interested, email webmaster@simtel.net for details.  Or watch our web page for details.


FILE LINKS:

When your upload is processed, our system will send you email with two links to your program.  The first link will be the "Product Description" 
page which includes the description of your submitted program.  The second link will be the "Download" page for your submitted file which 
lists all of the download locations ("mirror sites") for your file.

NOTE:  Simtel.Net does NOT allow the linking directly to files in the archive system, to include all of the mirror sites.  You and any other 
web site are ONLY authorized to link to one of the URLs provided after 
your file has been processed.  Violation of this policy can result in 
all of your files being removed from the system and your upload account 
being permanently disabled.

We may rename your files for more effective system operation or to avoid filename conflicts.  Do NOT depend on filenames remaining the same as 
when you uploaded them.

If you link to the HTML page, you can be assured that the download link 
will always work and allow your user to choose the download location 
from around the world that is best for them.

Let us know if you have any questions or comments.  Please send it to  
webmaster@simtel.net  with the subject of Upload Procedure.  And by all means use our web page's Users or Uploaders Forum for any comments or 
discussion.


THE SIMTEL.NET FORUM AREA:

We strongly urge you to monitor the Forum area at our home page at 

  http://www.simtel.net/wwwthreads/wwwthreads.pl  

There is even a special Uploaders Discussion and Info area (the "Uploaders Forum") just for uploaders.  There you'll find much 
background information on how the entire system works, common problem 
and error conditions (and their solutions), and more.

As an additional note:

Looking for Web Hosting or eCommerce solutions, or software promotion opportunities?  Be sure to check out our Partners page at

  http://www.simtel.net/partners.html 

to find out who we use and recommend.


Thanks.

Simtel.Net Management
--


This email was sent to: alchemistmatt@yahoo.com
